hello this is a tutorial for my or or of
my citizens oil for my like a puzzle box
about with a new cannon mechanism or
more of a technique
so however start off with a four by six
base plate on the right put some legs do
that if you know oh by one smooth here
well duh whoa
if you want to 106 on top of each other
here cheap to buy ones simple as that
you take a 2 by 1 and the 2 by 1 on top
over here needs to be to home or you can
have one hole and yes a regular at 101
but who needs to be on this kind of side
not in the middle so you not put it here
and you need this kind of Technic piece
we post tickets
sweet its crystal as well now take well
I use one of these gray because this
will rotate much much smoother so
however put it here so you see it's
rotate rotate here are one with you and
I have a 2 by 2 by 2 flat it's probably
the best way to you know you can build a
regularly two by two not to be too
smooth
but I think everything will work much
better with like 280 here yep so I'm
gonna take it one by one and then one
with a hobby on a two by one stop like
hey these are here don't forget to pick
up one way and one by one by everyone -
yeah the price is on a paper one and so
one by one in a some money and you will
like me with this kind of 2x3 smooth
area take two free ones with an eye to
they will stack down because there's two
us here
and you know what and then here's the
price okay probably can see how it works
and show you is the key crucial face is
come out simple
now here even take two 1 by 6 on top of
it sure
okay so now you want to take oh my -
well - bye - movie top and then and take
one before
only one stud here I'll make you here
take out one way to here and no to go to
on top like that
alright we're gonna build something here
first take two you'll notice and 1 by 2
smooth make 3 of those because you wanna
put in well around here and then you put
yeah
make another one of those but like may
arise person no see so we place same
place other side and this is 2 by 4
smooth is no top you need you need this
crap in people's you can make something
else another fan of another way if
you're not having it then it kind of 1
by 2 sticking out and almost 1 start me
this is a solution to get as much dinner
or this piece it will be here and it
comes to know can't cannot can't come
out if you don't
open this it's slightly these and all
right down here take this couch
/ / sofa keys put it down there here's
the place for your key Nate didn't take
yes - to the force if you want you can
put here on this side something on top
here uses so that's that's it I guess
thank for thanks for watching and hope
you will
you